# Summary of Chapters 1-6
Percy Jackson is a troubled kid. He is 12, a boarding student at a poor school _Yancy Academy_. They're going to do a field trip. But Percy knows he is always in trouble. And that's the reason why he gets probation. He has dyslexia and attention deficit disorder so his grades are always bad. And this means he can't learn all those names and facts as well as spell them correctly. He realizes a huge storm is brewing. He pushes Nancy Bobofit into the water and is warned by Mrs. Dodds that sooner or later he will be found. What is strange is that Mrs. Dodds turns into a shriveled hag. Mrs. Dodds lunges at him who swings the sword and Mrs. Dodds crumbles. Since then, the students haven't heard of her. Gradually he's used to the occasional hallucination. He knows something must have been erased. The weather is freak and storms ruin many airplanes. He became cranky and irritable, and his grades drop to Fs. Finally, he insults the English teacher which makes him booted out of _Yancy Academy_. Jackson eavesdrops conversation between Brunner and Grover. They believe that he doesn't fit there. Jackson and Grover go to Manhattan together. He confesses that he eavesdropped on their conversation. Grover gives him the address card and asks him to walk him home and looks at him sorrowly. Percy's mother's name is Sally Jackson, the best person in the world and has the most rotten luck at the same time. She doesn't like to talk about her husband. Their relationship is a secret. She believe he was lost. Percy conceals his secret. They go on vacation to Montauk. Percy asks about his fathers, knowing his father is kind, handsome, and powerful. He leave before Percy was born. Percy remembers scary things that happened to him. He just doesn't want to tell the truth. His father wants him to go to a summer camp which means saying goodbye for good. The hurricane comes, and the outside is storming. Grover finds him out and his mother looks at him sternly and her face is pale. Both Percy and Grover get on the vehicle, driving fastly on the road. Grover tells him the less he knows, the fewer monsters he will attract. His mother sends him to the summer camp because he is in danger. She tries to avoid a dark figure, and it disappears. The car swerves into a ditch, which injures Grover. Sally encourages Percy to get help by running past a big tree that marks the property line to safety. He refuses to leave without her and Grover, despite the creature that is steadily creeping up on them. Sally and Percy finally pull Grover out of the car and head toward the tree. Outside of the car, Percy recognizes the monster as half bull, half-man. He starts to name the monster, but his mother warns him that names have power. She advises him to jump to the side if the creature attacks, since a bull cannot change directions easily. Percy does so when the bull charges, which angers the monster. The monster then attacks his mother and Grover who is on the side of the road. The bull-man grabs Percy’s mother by the neck, and she disappears into a golden light. Furious, Percy defeats the monster by tearing off one of the monster’s horns and shoving it into the monster’s ribs. Percy helps Grover to safety and the two pass out on the porch of a farmhouse after a young girl recognizes him as the “one”. After being nursed back to health, Percy enjoys the beautiful views of the camp, despite feeling remorse for what he assumes was his mother’s death. He tries to remember the battle with the bull-man, which he now calls the Minotaur. Grover apologizes to Percy for not being able to save Sally and for his failure in the role of a keeper. Percy does not blame Grover though and the two leave the farmhouse and enter into the main part of Camp Half-Blood. Percy meets Mr. D, the camp director; Chiron, who he knew as Mr. Brunner; and Annabeth, one of the daughters of Athena. He learns that Chiron had been at the school to teach Percy after Grover suggested that Percy was special. Percy joins Chiron, Mr. D, and Grover in a game of pinochle. While playing the game, they discuss the presence of Greek gods in the world and comment on how Mr. D is one himself: Dionysus, the god of wine. Mr. D and Grover leave so that Chiron and Percy can have a private conversation. Chiron and Percy discuss more about Mount Olympus and the Greek gods. Chiron tells Percy that he will learn more about himself and his role after he gets settled in his cabin. At this point, Percy sees Chiron as his true self—a centaur. While walking Percy to his cabin, Chiron gives Percy a tour of the camp. Percy learns this was Grover’s second chance to restore his role as a keeper after he failed five years ago. Percy fears he will be in trouble if Mr. D and the Council of Cloven Elders consider his mission to protect Percy a failure. Upon approaching the cabins, Percy notices that each cabin features a mascot dedicated to a god. Annabeth greets him before he enters his cabin. He has been placed in “Hermes,” the cabin for undetermined campers. Here, he meets his cabin counselor, Luke, the son of Hermes. Percy is disappointed that he has not received proper recognition for fighting the Minotaur and leaves the cabin. Annabeth joins him outside and explains that monsters do not die because they lack a soul. They can still reform and he should refer to them as “Kindly Ones,” rather than by their names. Annabeth also points out that Percy would not be here if he were not a half-blood by his father. As they are talking, another girl, Clarisse, the daughter of Ares, provokes Percy and Annabeth into a fight in the bathroom. Percy defends himself by unknowingly manipulating the water to soak Clarisse and her friends. Angered and humiliated, she declares war on Percy. 
# Detailed Questions
## Question 1
>Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from  Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket even though he was fifty years old. 
Because he pushed Nancy into the water, and she wanted to give him a lesson. 
## Question 2
Because he has dyslexia and attention deficit disorder. 
## Question 3

